# Pandigital multiples
   
## Problem 38
Take the number 192 and multiply it by each of 1, 2, and 3:  

192 × 1 = 192  
192 × 2 = 384  
192 × 3 = 576  
By concatenating each product we get the 1 to 9 pandigital, 192384576. We will call 192384576 the concatenated product of 192 and (1,2,3)  

The same can be achieved by starting with 9 and multiplying by 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5, giving the pandigital, 918273645, which is the concatenated product of 9 and (1,2,3,4,5).  

What is the largest 1 to 9 pandigital 9-digit number that can be formed as the concatenated product of an integer with (1,2, ... , n) where n > 1?  


### Thinking about the problem 
We can generalize the problem by introducing some helpful notation.  
Let $\oplus$ be the concatenation operator and $[n]$ denote the *n-set*, that is the integers 1,2,...,n. 

$$a [n] = a\cdot 1 \oplus a\cdot 2 \oplus \dots \oplus a \cdot n$$

This structure suggests that a nested loop approach could solve the problem. But we need to have a way to exit the loops.

#### Upper Bounds 
We can place bounds on the numbers $a$ and $n$ so that nested `for` loops become feasible.    

A pandigital number, by definition, uses exactly 9 digits. So the maximum that $n$ can be is 9. This upper bound can likely be reduced, but let's stick with it for now.  

Multiplying a 4-digit number by 2 will produce either a 4- or 5-digit number. In fact, if $a=9876$ and $n=2$ then the concatenated number will be a 9-digit number (but not pandigital). From this, we conclude that $a<9876$


Thus, our nested loop will run less than $10^5$ times. Using python, we may be able to make this run efficiently enough to solve this problem within a minute. 

## Solution
